Aries: For just a moment, stop buzzing around like a bee. Aries, you are allowed to rest your wings, to sit in the warm embrace of a loved one, to simply feel into that expansiveness. Yes, you have a lot of things to wrap your thoughts around, but it does not all need to be solved at this very moment. Believe in your ability to make decisions that are right for you, and believe in your ability to receive cosmic assistance and blessings. Detox and purify your life by choosing your current thoughts wisely. Cosmic tip: You know where you want to be, even if it wasn't where you thought you’d ever wish to be. Let that sink in and then make your decision.

Taurus: There are too many sides to this situation, now, Taurus, stop trying to figure the puzzle out and simply rest in peace. At the core is your love life, the way you have loved, sacrificed or even taught to be loved, and this directly translates into your love for yourself and how worthy you feel in your own eyes. Breathe in and out a few times. Remind yourself that when you were little, your dreams felt invincible, your ideas felt magical, and you felt capable. And with this reminder, jump out at life and allow yourself to shine in any way you feel you are being given the chance to, not to gain approval, but simply to show yourself that you were right all along and that you are worthy.
Cosmic tip: You are naturally worthy and lovable. Allow yourself to feel it.

Gemini: Gemini, enough with the overthinking, enough with the overanalysing, enough with the mental backflips that go on in a continuum! You may feel like you are deceiving others by showing up half assed, or you may be feeling like someone else is deceiving you in some way, either way, your guides remind you that you are here for progress not perfection. You, as a soul, already experience perfection; you chose to be human because you wanted to experience this heavenly mess of human emotions. And yes, ironic as it seems, you are here to grow through this. Now, having said that, will you simply ask the universe to lend a helping hand whenever it gets a bit too heavy to handle all by yourself?
Cosmic tip: You are here to drop the guard.

Cancer: You love a good celebration, but Cancer, tell me when was the last time you really opened yourself up to love and laughter? Why have you become so robotic and structured that you are losing steam and drive? Bring that faith back on, faith in yourself, faith in being the Universe’s favourite child. Your mental, emotional and spiritual wellness is here, now it may be time that you step up into the flow of life and make your best move, surrender. You have a good time lined up for you; make sure you enjoy every bit of it.
Cosmic tip: Inhale and exhale. Everything is working out.

Leo: Leo, life has brought you to this point for you to step into what your soul really wants you to do. Your enthusiasm gives you energy, and when you engage in what drains you for too long, you only trap yourself in your survival mode even more. A positive outcome for your life is heavily dependent on how you wish to encounter life itself. A pessimistic and burnt-out outlook will only keep you feeling trapped and incapacitated. A let's see where this goes attitude will lead you to solutions and outlets.
Cosmic tip: Follow your passions to find your purpose.

Virgo: How much is enough, Virgo? Why do you worry so much? Hasn't the cosmos shown up for you whenever you’ve needed it to? Haven't your angels and guides made things easier for you when you thought you couldn't go on anymore? Haven’t you found reasons to love yourself and your life, time and again? Then why the worry? Allow yourself to come out of the cage and shine! Allow yourself to find ways to fall back in love with life. For some, a new or renewed love life may be on the horizon. Step out and shine.
Cosmic tip: Trust your judgement. Believe in yourself.

Libra: Feel the pain, feel the relief, feel the exhilaration, feel everything you feel without judgment. Socialise, network, reach out to old and new friends and reconnect with your life. All parts of you make you you, not just the fluffy, dreamy ones. And hey, you’ve got so much going for you, your resilience, your ability to get objective amidst the stormiest skies, your ability to anchor yourself, your ability to see what others cannot. So don't let the indecisiveness, the self-doubt and anything else get in the way of you valuing yourself today. No two days are the same, and neither are you the same in any given moment in time.
Cosmic tip: Reveal yourself the way you are, one petal at a time.

Scorpio: Your only priority right now is your wellbeing, mental, emotional and physical. Scorpio, what you can control, contribute differently to it; what you cannot control, ask the Universe to take charge. This is a time for important life passages for you, and it is not what you do that matters. It is what you feel as your inner dialogue, undercurrent, the thoughts that race through your mind all day, that sets your frequency. And there is absolutely no pressure to change things overnight. You only need to step up in your most neutral moments and ask yourself, what kind of life would you like to have? Nope, no one is asking you to see if you realistically can have it. Dreams are not meant to be realistic; they are meant to be free and untamed. They are here to show us where our hearts truly lie.
Cosmic tip: Set yourself free from your past expectations. Emb

Sagittarus: Slow down. When was the last time you read a good book? When was the last time you did something because it brought you joy? When was the last time you simply chose to break free from a default cycle and shake things up gently? Sag, it is great to have a full plate, one that feels nourishing. You know what is not so enriching to have? A seemingly busy schedule doing things that won’t even matter to you in the long term. This message has been coming up on repeat for you lately. So it may be time to reassess your priorities. If the cosmos has been sending in sirens, it may be time to reevaluate and choose wisely.
Cosmic tip: Choose to break free by choosing something different.

Capricorn: There is an invisible force helping you carry your weight in this lifetime, Capricorn, and you can lean in, sink in and ask this force to simply push forward with greater intensity, taking charge of all that feels too heavy for you to carry. You deserve prosperity, and you deserve abundance, and these are not merely material things; these are emotions and frequencies of ease and safety within yourself. You have done a lot throughout your life, even worked through some major karmic soul lessons. Now is your time to allow the Universe to step in and really enjoy the rest of your ride through this Earth plane.
Cosmic tip: Bless yourself more often. See your strengths more often. Smile more often. It shifts your frequency.

Aquarius: Your past may have taught you to be black and white, to process yourself and everything in life as good or bad. But you see, Aquarius now that you are waking up to life, now that you are emerging from your cocoon, your thoughts ideas and beliefs are helping you remember that there is no good or bad, right or wrong, everything is subjective and truth, as we call it, is multifaceted and multidimensional. When you hold a ball in your hand, you see one side of it, and the person standing on the other side sees the other part of it. Both are correct and both are incomplete, subjective. And this revelation is now bringing you peace.
Cosmic tip: Happiness finds you when you simplify life.

Pisces: Your job? To simply trust your talents, to simply trust your effort and to simply sink into your enoughness, not from a place of entitlement or complacency, but from a space of knowing when you have put your best foot forward. Then ask your angels to wave their magic wand and release the need to control the outcome of everything you cross paths with. You see, you may find your frustration mounting at times because you no longer are who you were but you are also learning to adapt to this person you are now, this version that feels so raw and so you that it still comes in with a little bit of guilt around displeasing others, around not getting it right, around failure or anything else. Make the changes you know are necessary. Take the chances that you know will get you there.
Cosmic tip: Allow your skills and talents to be seen.